SOURCE_URL: https://bruinlife.com/a-look-into-on-campus-dining/
TITLE: A look into on-campus dining
PUBLICATION: BruinLife (UCLA student lifestyle blog)
AUTHOR: Iris Lim
DATE: September 30, 2024
COLLECTED: 2026-06-06

---

As trivial as it may seem, choosing where and what to eat can be a daunting ordeal. With so many options, it can be difficult to know where to start. Luckily, this guide to the dining halls should help you get an idea of what each location has to offer.

Bruin Plate

Colloquially referred to as "B-Plate," this buffet-style dining hall near Sproul Landing is known for its healthy dining options. While some may find it less salty than what they're used to, it is a reliable dining hall. The variety of delicious breads, the extensive salad bar and the consistent supply of fresh fruit — especially the huge strawberries — make B-Plate a reliable option to grab a fresh yet satisfying meal.

Overall Ranking: 4 out of 5 stars.

De Neve

Located in De Neve Plaza, De Neve is another all-you-can-eat dining hall that primarily serves American and Latin American cuisine. If you're looking for a hearty and filling classic American meal of burgers, chicken sandwiches and pizza, De Neve is definitely the way to go. It is important to note, however, that De Neve meals tend to be heavier than other dining halls, but their dessert selection is always top-tier. With soft-serve ice cream, cookies and cakes galore, it's sure to have a dessert that you'll enjoy.

Overall Ranking: 2 out of 5 stars.

Epicuria

Found in Covel Commons, Epicuria is a Mediterranean-inspired buffet-style dining hall that features pasta and various other dishes. The quality of dishes varies day by day, but the standout aspect of Epicuria is its unmatched ambiance. The dining experience certainly feels the fanciest; it's sure to impress any guest.

Overall Ranking: 4 out of 5 stars.

Bruin Café

Often abbreviated to "B-Caf," this takeout dining hall under Sproul Hall is best known for its sandwiches and smoothies. Despite its lack of customization and long wait times, the latter for which B-Caf has introduced online ordering to try and solve, B-Caf's menu is dependable. The smoothies are pretty good, but it may feel like less bang for your buck to exchange a meal swipe for a drink.

Overall Ranking: 3 out of 5 stars.

Café 1919

The recently re-opened Café 1919 in Delta Terrace is the go-to spot for gelato, sorbet and all your dessert needs. Having a wide variety of flavors, toppings and daily specials, Café 1919 is definitely a popular option for desserts. However, much like B-Caf's smoothies, it can sometimes feel like a waste of an entire meal swipe.

Overall Ranking: 4 out of 5 stars.

The Drey

Tucked away by Olympic Hall, the Drey is somewhat of a hidden gem. Despite being an exclusively grab-and-go location, the Drey has a vast array of ready-to-eat meals and conveniently offers microwaves for those who want to heat up their food. The options are nothing extraordinary, but the Drey is perfect for grabbing a quick snack or meal because there's usually little to no wait.

Overall Ranking: 3 out of 5 stars.

Spice Kitchen at Feast

Feast, located under Rieber Hall, is difficult to rate, since the kitchen pop-up changes weekly, meaning that the quality of food can vary quite a bit. Generally, Feast is a good spot to get your Asian food fix, but it's best to check the menus every week and determine which restaurant pop-ups you like best.

Overall Ranking: 4 out of 5 stars.

Rendezvous

Rendezvous, or simply "Rende," can be found under Rieber Terrace and is a takeout dining hall. It offers two different cuisines: Rende West specializes in Mexican food while Rende East has Asian options. Offering daily specials in addition to build-your-own combos reminiscent of Chipotle and Panda Express respectively, Rende West and East are popular options, proven by their long lines.

Overall Ranking: 5 out of 5 stars.

The Study

The Study at Hedrick, located adjacent to Hedrick Hall, is known for its customizable sandwiches, salads and pizzas. The Study is a tried-and-true option, having consistently good quality food that never fails. The only caveat is that the wait can be quite long at times; however, the meals are worth it.

Overall Ranking: 5 out of 5 stars.

Dining hall preferences are often a point of contention among students, so feel free to try them all out and see which ones are your personal favorites!
