SOURCE_URL: https://wanderlog.com/place/details/524688
TITLE: Bruin Plate Residential Restaurant - Reviews
PUBLICATION: Wanderlog (aggregated Google reviews)
DATE_COLLECTED: 2026-06-06
TYPE: Aggregated user reviews

---

About:
Bruin Plate is a lovely and health-focused restaurant in the heart of UCLA. The food here is high quality, and it's great for students who are looking for delicious and nutritious meals! It can get very crowded, but it's definitely worth checking out if you're in the area!

Why you should go:
1. Experience a variety of healthy and unique food options.
2. Enjoy delicious dishes like beef and barley soup, avocado fest treats, coconut yogurt, tofu dishes.
3. Appreciate the clean environment with ample seating space.

Overall rating: 4.6 out of 5 stars (based on Google reviews)
5 stars: 208 reviews | 4 stars: 40 | 3 stars: 16 | 2 stars: 2 | 1 star: 7

Address: 350 Charles E Young Drive West, Los Angeles, CA 90095, USA

Summary of reviews:
Bruin Plate Residential Restaurant at UCLA is highly praised for its healthy and unique food options. Reviewers love the yogurt machines, fresh ingredients, and diverse stations available for meals. The ambiance with natural lighting and efficient system to avoid overcrowding also receives positive feedback. Specific highlights include the beef and barley soup, avocado fest dishes, coconut yogurt, vegan desserts, and the overall cleanliness of the dining hall.

Know before you go:
- Visit during dinner time when all stations are open for a complete dining experience.
- Try out the tart yogurt with coconut flakes or lamb offerings for a special treat.
- If not a student with a meal plan, ensure admission is accompanied by someone who has one to access this buffet-style dining hall.

Individual Reviews:

Georgia E - 5/5 (Jan 28, 2025):
Bplate for the win. I have an undying love for the yogurt machines. Best grapes and onions in the universe. Just gonna deal with the lines.

Theo W - 5/5 (Feb 16, 2025):
Fantastic options at this dining hall, so many delicious dishes. The tofu is amazing, and their vegan desserts are incredible. I highly recommend the coconut yogurt, so yummy. Lots of places to sit, really nice environment and food.

Sunny C - 5/5 (Nov 25, 2023):
We were recommended to eat at Bruin Plate if we wanted a healthy lunch while we were visiting the UCLA campus. It's definitely different than Griffin/Sunset/Covel Commons. It's hard to tell from the outside but it's quite large after we entered. Lots of places to sit and natural lighting everywhere. There are at least 5 different stations available for lunch. Some of the stations open and close based on when you get out of your seat to look for more to eat.

It is true, the food is quite healthy. Even the chocolate has zucchini on the inside. It's not the typical pizza, spaghetti, pasta, burger, or generic lunch. It's also not a Vegas buffet. It's quite unique. My favorite was the beef and barley soup. That was outstanding.

Would I come back? Yes, but I would go for a dinner experience when all the stations are open. That would definitely be a fun experience.

Elizabeth T - 5/5 (May 23, 2019):
This place is delicious and amazing. Although there are so many mouths to feed, their system is very efficient and all the stations are spaced apart so that there is not a cluster of people all in one area. The food quality is great. I was just there for their avocado fest. The tart yogurt with coconut flakes is amazing. I'm surprised that they offer lamb. The guacamole was off the charts. The presentation is on point. All the food is delicious, so nothing goes to waste.

I'm sad that my cousin is not going to be dorming anymore pretty soon so that I can take advantage of her swipes. I dormed back at UCI in 2001 and our food was not as great, but perhaps it has improved over the years. UCLA students have it good. They are so lucky.

Master-D - 5/5 (Mar 11, 2023):
Another good buffet style dinning hall at UCLA. All you can eat. Food is fresh and delicious. Admission must be accompanied by a student with a meal plan.
