SOURCE_URL: https://thefoodconnoisseur.substack.com/p/ranking-uclas-dining-halls
TITLE: UCLA's dining halls, authoritatively ranked
PUBLICATION: The Connoisseur's Guide (Substack)
AUTHOR: The Connoisseur (Martin Sevcik)
DATE: March 2, 2022
COLLECTED: 2026-06-06
TYPE: Opinionated student review

---

UCLA has the best college food in America. This is not an opinion – this is an objective, verifiable fact. Naturally, when I began attending this prestigious academy, I took it upon myself to independently verify these assertions. This is the first part of my UCLA dining hall survey.

De Neve

My commoner friends refer to this dining hall as "De Never." Why, you might ask? Because they "De Never" go there!

Jokes aside, this is a pointedly typical college dining experience. There's mediocre burgers, mediocre pizza, and mediocre specials on offer.

You might argue that my palate is too sophisticated for this establishment. I would agree with you, but then I would realize how elitist that sounds and counter with a different point instead: I believe that De Neve knows it is nothing special. Its decor, presentation, and general mood demonstrate a lack of effort on UCLA's behalf. It knows it can skate by with mid-tier cafeteria food. It pushes no boundaries and takes no risks – why bother when the formula works?

De Neve wholeheartedly embraces its own mediocrity. I'm not going to give it any respect until it begins to believe in itself. This rating is an intervention – if you begin taking pride in your work, then I might increase your score, De Neve.

Rating: 4 out of 10

Epicuria at Covel

I have dined with princes in Jordan. I have sampled the finest Italian wines. I have toured the Greek isles, retracing history with every step. I know the Mediterranean better than most, and I most certainly know its food better than anyone else. Epicuria should be ashamed to call itself Mediterranean – it is blasphemous to compare this region's delicacies with the mass-produced, greasy food you find in UCLA's least popular dining hall.

The atmosphere at Epicuria is truly unique — the noise and clatter makes every meal feel like a celebration.

But I speak for the common man in these reviews. When I adjust my perspective and take a step back, I realize that the average consumer might be more forgiving of this food. There is a certain pho-artisan mood in the establishment, with chefs preparing small plates focused on genuine flavor. You can't help but bring five or six plates back to your table, just to try everything on offer.

Ultimately, I can recommend Epicuria. Do not expect authentic Mediterranean cuisine – expect an Americanized, yet very good, facsimile.

Rating: 9 out of 10

Bruin Plate

BPlate has a discouraging problem: everything here is excessively authentic. I know, I know, I'm a food critic! I'm supposed to like deconstructed cuisine and health-conscious dining! I'm supposed to shop exclusively at farmers' markets and Whole Foods!

But I've had enough! BPlate epitomizes all of the problems with health food: these meals sacrifice flavor for quality. I like fresh kale as much as the next guy, but can't you at least sautee it with a little garlic first? This feels like your mother's cooking after she watched Food Inc for the first time and decided she would turn her entire family into health-conscious eaters: your dinner here will be nutritious, but painfully straightforward and boring.

I still like BPlate – the meals are undoubtedly of higher quality than anywhere else on-campus. But if you want satisfying flavors and bold dining options, you will want to look elsewhere.

Rating: 7 out of 10

Feast

I have never been to Feast.

Rating: 6 out of 10

Bruin Cafe

Why do people tolerate BCafe? I am genuinely baffled by the positive image this establishment has developed. UCLA's student body needs to reanalyze their relationship with this low-tier cafe.

BCafe is unimpressive even when compared to UCLA's other dining offerings: There are better soups at BPlate, better pizzas at Epicuria, and better sandwiches at The Study.

Worst of all, this place has worse theming than the DMV – the walls are lined with biographies of UCLA alumni who I have never heard of. If these were actually relevant alumni, like food critics or Jack Black, then these posters might genuinely inspire future generations of Bruins. As it stands, however, all it inspires is boredom and yawns.

Rating: 3 out of 10

If you are unsatisfied with BCafe's takeout offerings, then I have good news: UCLA has a variety of other quick-service restaurants across its campus.
