SOURCE_URL: https://newsletter.alumni.ucla.edu/connect/2022/april/campus-eats/default.html
TITLE: Campus Eats: Dining Choices Across UCLA
PUBLICATION: UCLA Alumni Newsletter
DATE: April 2022
COLLECTED: 2026-06-06

---

What's there to eat at UCLA? Plenty, of course. The food options are as diverse as the student body. From full service restaurants to fast food take-out, coffee shops to award-winning residential cuisine, this series features the current dining choices in each area of campus, complete with actual student reviews of their experience.

THE HILL

Epicuria
Description: A Mediterranean marketplace guided by the philosophy of Epicureanism: the idea that the pursuit of pleasure and comfort in relation to our attitude to food and how we prepare it can be found by living a life of simplicity.
Location: Formerly Covel Dining Commons
Hours: Monday – Sunday 11 a.m. – 3 p.m., 5 – 9 p.m.
Student Review: "Since this place is so new, I was hesitant to give it a shot, but honestly some of the best pasta around. I can always come here to pick up some comfort food when I'm missing home." - Megan F.

De Neve
Description: De Neve celebrates the amazing diversity of foods inspired by North, Central and South America. You'll be digging into flavorful menu selections such as Chicago-style deep dish pizza, Texas barbecue brisket, poutine, Cincinnati chili spaghetti, pollo en crema (creamy chicken), sopa de caracol (seafood soup), arepa (meat or cheese-stuffed corn cakes), and churrasco (barbecue skewers of meat), just to name a few.
Location: Central De Neve Plaza
Hours: Monday – Friday 7 a.m. – 10 a.m., 11 a.m. – 3 p.m., 5 – 9 p.m. Saturday – Sunday 9 – 10 a.m., 11 a.m. – 3 p.m., 5 – 9 p.m.
Student Review: "De Neve is one of those places where you'll always find something that will fill you up and leave you wanting more. I would always go to the back for a great chicken sandwich or even wait in line for the special of the day to see what was in store." - Mary B.

The Spice Kitchen at Feast
Description: Treat your senses to the flavors and aromas of Asian cuisine at The Spice Kitchen at FEAST. The Spice Kitchen is a pop-up style concept that features a rotating menu served at a single platform. Guests may exchange one meal plan swipe for a single meal.
Location: Lower level of Rieber Hall
Hours: Monday – Thursday 5 – 11 p.m. Saturday – Sunday Closed
Student Review: "Although it's only a limited menu this year, Spice has been consistently serving great food and continues to give students another level of depth when it comes to what is available on the Hill. Whenever I see that Spice is open, I 100% make sure to stop by and get a bite." - Irene X.

Bruin Plate
Description: Bruin Plate is a creative, honest and responsible eatery that provides seasonal, innovative and sustainable cuisine with mouth-watering results. Popular items include roasted Brussel sprouts, arugula topped flatbread, roasted cauliflower soup, yam tacos, bison burger stackers, lemon cod and chipotle chicken bowls, to name a few.
Location: In the new Carnesale Commons in Sproul Court
Hours: Monday – Sunday 7 – 10 a.m., 11 a.m. – 3 p.m., 5 – 9 p.m.
Student Review: "An amazing place to get a refreshing omelet for brunch. I always come here in the spring for the freshest strawberries and frozen yogurt. A healthy staple on the Hill." - Christina C.

Bruin Café
Description: Comfortable, casual dining. Bruin Café offers a versatile menu of fresh, quick, and convenient food and beverage options.
Location: In Sproul Hall across from Covel Commons
Hours: Monday – Friday 11 a.m. – 3 p.m., 5 p.m. – midnight. Saturday – Sunday Closed
Student Review: "B-Café was one of my favorite places to get a sandwich and a smoothie before heading out for a long day on campus. The tropical smoothie always woke me up and helped me start my day on the right foot!" - Logan T.

Rendezvous
Description: Rendezvous East features foods from across Asia fused with American inspiration, such as ramen, sushi bowls and curry, boba and milk tea, while Rendezvous West focuses on Latin foods like custom-made tacos, burritos, enchiladas and nachos, with a creative flair and influence from regions throughout North, Central and South America.
Location: Lower level of Rieber Terrace
Hours: Monday – Sunday 11 a.m. – 3 p.m., 5 – 9 p.m.
Student Review: "Personally I am more of a fan of Rende West. The burritos are next level and always satisfy my cravings. Rende East is also great with the combo deal." - Sarah S.

The Study at Hedrick
Description: This European-style artisanal bakery café merges amazing Northern European-influenced food with an equally amazing study space.
Location: Lower level of Hedrick Hall
Hours: Monday – Friday 7 – 10 a.m., 11 a.m. – 3 p.m., 5 p.m. – Midnight. Saturday – Sunday 11 a.m. – 3 p.m., 5 p.m. – Midnight
Student Review: "Freshman year we would always end up here after a wild Thursday night out on the town. The sandwiches alone make this place the best grab and go place on the Hill." - Andrew R.

The Drey
Description: The Drey is a globally inspired restaurant that serves fresh, natural, and healthy lunch and dinner options that are made with the best ingredients. The Drey offers diverse grab-and-go foods, ready-to-eat entrées, snacks, salads and other classics.
Location: Inside Olympia Hall
Hours: Monday – Friday 11:30 a.m. – 3 p.m., 5 – 9 p.m. Saturday – Sunday Closed
Student Review: "This is one of my favorite places to get a quick bite before hunkering down and putting in several hours of studying. Never thought I would get good sushi from a college campus but lo and behold the California roll is a 10/10." - Jessica P.

CENTRAL CAMPUS (Ackerman Union)

Veggie Grill (Ackerman Level 1, vegan chain)
Student Review: "Great quality food! I'm not vegan or even vegetarian yet really enjoy the food here. Ackerman Union was really missing quality food before VG opened." - Omar A.

Panda Express (Ackerman Level 1)
Student Review: "This spot constantly delivers. They serve awesome food for reasonable pricing, there are no long waits even when the place is packed." - Misael B.

Rubios (Ackerman Level 1, fish tacos)
Student Review: "Oh man I can't say enough good things about this food - the flavors, the way the food is cooked, very tasty, melts in your mouth. The staff was so friendly and helpful too. We will definitely be coming back to eat the best fish tacos out there." - Christina C.

Kikka Sushi (Ackerman A-level)
Student Review: "Come here so often and have tried almost everything. They have some pretty good deals with their noodles and sushi combo, which I would get when I was really hungry. Great deal for lots of food. Definitely recommend getting their tan tan noodles — peanuty and a dry noodle." - Paulina L.

Lollicup Express (Ackerman Level 1, boba)
Student Review: "My guilty pleasure after a long day on campus is a taro milk tea with boba. I try to come when they're on special like Milk Tea Mondays or Taro Tuesdays. The servers even give me the option to adjust the sweetness level or the type of dairy they use. Hands down my favorite spot to satisfy my sugar cravings." - Anthony C.

Kerckhoff Coffee House (Kerckhoff Hall, Second Floor — UCLA's first coffee house, since 1975)
Student Review: "This is one of my favorite coffee shops on campus. It's very beautiful. This place has lots of tables and outlets along the pillars. It's a nice place to gather and discuss homework, projects or study for any upcoming exams. It's a loud, vibrant, yet productive atmosphere filled with hip-hop music from the speakers." - Yoandra V.

NORTH CAMPUS

Jimmy's (LuValle Commons, coffee house with Intelligentsia coffee)
Student Review: "The people here are nice in a 'Cheers' sort of way. It's friendly and run by students who work hard every day. Go to study and enjoy the standard cup of coffee and muffins." - Kevin S.

Anderson Café (Anderson School of Management, Starbucks coffee)
Student Review: "Gone are the days of Il Tramezzino with the newly renovated and renamed Anderson Cafe. Located just down the steps from the new Marion Anderson Hall, this location is also perfect for those attending an event at Royce Hall. I stopped by today for a cup of coffee and was pleasantly surprised to see that they now serve Starbucks coffee and some of their most popular drinks." - Christina M.

SOUTH CAMPUS

Blaze Pizza (Court of Sciences, build-your-own)
Student Review: "What distinguishes this Blaze from every other Blaze is the fantastic service! My server took so much care making my pizza, asking if I was satisfied with the portions, etc. My pizza tasted so delicious and she arranged the toppings perfectly." - Teresa A.

Café Med (David Geffen School of Medicine)
Student Review: "I love coming to Cafe Med. I typically order the breakfast quesadilla which includes as many veggies as I like, egg, cheese, hash browns and salsa. The portion is huge and it only costs $3.93, which is a bargain for Westwood." - Hannah M.
